This module provides a Real-Time serial data stream, read-only, from an Arduino that's connected via COMs port.
NOTE: This module is in beta stages and redevelopment will be necessary for improved efficiency later on.
CREDIT: Program created by Ethan Smith-Coss

    The baurate of the Arduino must be set at 9600 and if the COMs port stored does not match the Arduino then
    this module will reconnect to the correct port and store the new COM port. If the connection to Arduino is
    lost then the script will try and reconnect to the Arduino on the same port every 10 seconds. If this is
    unsuccessful then a new port is searched for, becoming the new COMs port and stored, however if the Arduino
    is found on the same port and baurate then the connection is re-established and the program starts over again.

    Some important classes and methods of this module.
        class Connect           	flags | flush '-f', reset '-r':
            This is the main class of the whole application and should be the primary reference point when
            calling the module externally. This class does not take any parameters and initialises some
            important global variables as followed:
                self.port           the main COMs port that is used to create a serial link to the Arduino.
                self.bps            the baurate of the Arduino that's used in conjunction with self.port.
                self.ports_list     a list of the currently available COMs ports
                self.app            an object variable of the class Main. To access variables and methods
                                    within Main, this variable should be referenced.
                
        function connect()      	parameters | self               belongs to | Connect:
            This function is responsible for initialising the serial connection to the Arduino on the defined
            ports in class Connect. If the connection is not established then the program will search for another
            available port and reconnect on that port or re-establish the same connection - both occur after 10 seconds.

            If the connection to the Arduino is lost whilst reading the serial data stream, then this function is too
            responsible for reconnecting the serial data stream.
            Some notable global variables within this function accessed through class Connect():
                self.arduino            this is the main variable that holds a link to the arduino
                                        and is reads the serial data stream forever. If the connection
                                        to the Arduino is lost this variable loses its link and raises
                                        the exception serial.SerialException() in function main()
                self.connection_lost    responsible for determining when the connection to the Arduino
                                        is lost and re-established during conditional verification.

        function flags()        	parameters | self, flag_list    belongs to | Connect:
            This function interprets flags passed to class Connect through the CLI on program execute.
            The valid flags are as followed:
                flags:
                    flush '-f'          delete all CSV files generated from events. Files are unlinked
                                        and are not retrievable. NOTE: files stored in 'results' are not
                                        filtered to CSV only, beware of additional files stored in this
                                        directory as they too are deleted!
                    reset '-r'          reset variables in the setup.ini file. Notable defaults are
                                        'count' under 'SETUP' to reset the default naming convention for
                                        CSV files of recorded events.
        

        class Main      		parameter | tk.Tk:
            This is the main class that creates the tkinter framework window for the real-time serial data stream.
            Here, 3 variable labels are created, Force, Newtons and Time, each of which changes in-response to the
            incoming data stream. Some important variables are as followed:
                self.force      the variable label that changes depending on the level of force read from the incoming
                                serial data stream.
                self.newton     the variable label that changes depending on the calculated newton force read from the
                                incoming serial data stream.
                self.time       the variable label that changes according to the internal elapsed time of the Arduino
                                read from the incoming serial data stream.


        class PortsMenu()       	parameters | tk.Tk
            This class is a second window using the Tkinter framework to allow the change of the selected COM port and
            is responsible for allowing the user to set the port if the default stored in setup.ini, 'port' under 'SETUP'
            if the port is different. All variables are local to this class.

        function update_ports_list()    parameters | self       	belongs to | PortsMenu
            This functions get a list of all the avaiblable COM ports that is found by the system. If this list is empty
            then the user is notified, a device should then be plugged into the system via USB and the window closed and
            reopened. If one or multiple COM ports are found then they are added to a list for Tkinter OptionMenu widget,
            a selectable drop down list menu.
            Function is called by optionmenu_onchange()

        function optionmenu_onchange	parameters  | self, event       belongs to | PortsMenu
            This function is responsible for listening and responding to when the user selects a item from the Tkinter
            OptionMenu. Then global variable conn.port is updated to the newly selected COM port and if the connection
            is not lost, determined via global variable conn.connection_lost, the global function conn.connect is called
            to re-establish a new connect under the newly redefined variables.
            If a connection is unsuccessful, this process should occur again and user should selected a different COM port.


        function main()     		belongs to | module         	NOTE | Not to be confused with the class Main
            This function is responsible for reading the incoming byte serial data stream and decoding using UTF-8. Once
            the read line is decoded, the data is then split according to all non-alphabetical characters, leaving only
            integers and floats. If the incoming data is different to that stored temporarily in the log, the newly incoming
            data that was split is assigned to the variable labels found in class Main, showing a real-time display of the
            incoming data, however if the incoming data is not different then the data is ingnored to increase system performance.
            Some notable features of this function:
                msglog                  a variable to temporarily hold the last read data from the
                                        serial data stream. Log is updated before the next line is
                                        read from the serial data stream.
                ard_msg                 reads the next incoming line of byte data from the serial
                                        serial data stream and decodes the data with UTF-8 encoding
                msg                     a string list of all digital values read from the decoded 
                                        serial data stream. The data is split according to if the
                                        characters are not alphabetical characters meaning only
                                        integer and floats are read; the data is split into 3 different
                                        items corresponding to force, newtons and time.

                After 5ms the function is called again via the Tkinter after() method.
                This function occurs in parallel with class Main, which initiates this
                function.
                
                Caught exceptions that are ignored: UnicodeDecodeError, UnboundLocalError
                Caught exceptions that are handled: AttributeError, Serial.SerialException